Topics to be:
Thought process essential to develop successful Machine Learning solutions.
Solution developed would be great only when Industry embraces it and reap the benefits
Share some of the experience and the Do and Don'ts when developing Advanced Analytics/ Data Science solutions. Reason why only selected solutions make to the market.
practical experiences about the latest technology
Opportunities in Data Science
AI in Industry
Data Science and Beyond
Innovation in the space of Predictive Analytics


While India was celebrating Krishna Janmashtami last week, IIT Tirupati was packed with scholars, leaders from across the globe discussing on Processing and Fabrication of Advanced Materials (PFAM) at the 29th International Conference.
What an honor it was to provide the Keynote at the wonderfully organized conference. Forum filled with knowledge. The more we hear we realize we know very less. 

Thanks to everyone at IITTP_Researchers

Great to be at #IIT Palakkad during their 5th Industry Academia Conclave. IIT Palakkad though relatively new the projects and solutions built are very competitive. The poster sessions and solutions set-up gave an amazing view of the quality of work. Best wishes!

Thought process essential to develop successful Machine Learning solutions.
Solution developed would be great only when Industry embraces it and reap the benefits. Provided a Keynote address at the IEEE conference. 
IEEE Conference - Winter Summit on Smart Computing and Networks (IEEE WiSSCoN 2023) conducted by SSN Institutions, Chennai, India, IT department.

I was at Tiger Analytics to share some of the experience and the Do and Don'ts when developing Advanced Analytics/ Data Science solutions. Reason why only selected solutions make to the market.
Happy to see more than 500 associates join the talk. Found the team very curious, thoughtful and openminded. Amazing hospitality by the HR team.
Thanks for the invitation #TigerAnalytics, great connecting with the leadership.
Wishing bright future to Tiger Analytics !

It was a wonderful experience as I address the MBA students who travelled from various Universities/ Colleges/ Institutes across #India at the Goa Institute of Management (GIM). During the Panel discussion, as I interacted with the students, envisioned India's future as #Innovative.
Happy to see Young Students Blossom amidst the faculty and Industry experts sharing their knowledge. 


Happy to start the year 2023, speaking at the Institute of Asset Integrity & Reliability Management AIRM Conference. This time we focus on showcasing our Machine Learning Solution that exclusively discovers the internal quality of the product.
Undergraduate projects can be so exciting and creative. Yes, I was at RVCE to evaluate the final year IEM students' AI projects. A great experience to see the talent of students.
The effort of the faculty as advisors was simply applauding. It is not so easy to get the students present the work so well. The systematic approach, reasoning and communication skills are great. 

Really enjoyed sharing some of the practical experiences about the latest technology, inputs on the career paths and aspects on future. Great panel members.